Update community templates (#194)
mastercomfig/team-comtress-2: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title:
labels: enhancement, tc2, needs triage
assignees:

---

### Description
<!--
A clear and concise description of what the idea is.
-->

### Checklist
<!-- You do not have to answer "yes" to all of these to suggest an idea. -->

> - [ ] None of the *open or closed* issues document this idea.

Reviewer: same as above
```suggestion
- [ ] None of the open *or* closed issues document this idea.
```

- [ ] This is a new idea, not a bug.

> - [ ] This is not a rebalancing idea.

Reviewer: personally don't like this phrasing?
```suggestion
- [ ] This idea does not affect game balance.
```

Author: Agreed

- [ ] This idea is for the code of the game, not for textures, sounds, or other resources.
- [ ] This is not an idea for new game content (e.g. new weapons, maps, sounds).

> - [ ] This is obviously an improvement, not something that people commonly disagree on.

Reviewer: better phrasing?
```suggestion
- [ ] This is an objective improvement, and is not controversial within the community.
```
